DOCSP-47836 clarify batchsize description (#96)
mongodb/docs-c: source/read/change-streams.txt

     - Description

   * - ``batchSize``
     - | The maximum number of documents that a change stream can
         return in each batch, which applies to the watch function. 
         By default, watch functions have an initial batch size of ``101``
         documents and a maximum size of 16 mebibytes (MiB) for each subsequent 
         batch. This option can enforce a smaller limit than 16 MiB, but not a 
         larger one. If you set ``batchSize`` to a limit that results in batches 
         larger than 16 MiB, this option has no effect and the watch function uses 

>          the default batch size.

Reviewer: Could most of this paragraph be replaced with a link to [Cursor Batches](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/tutorial/iterate-a-cursor/#std-label-cursor-batches) instead? e.g. as done for [cursor.batchSize()](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/method/cursor.batchSize/) (paraphrased):

> The initial number of documents to return for a batch. The default initial batch size is 101 documents. Subsequent batches are 16 mebibytes. For details, see [Cursor Batches](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/tutorial/iterate-a-cursor/#std-label-cursor-batches).

Author: Good idea; I've replaced some of the paragraph, but it is still quite long because I think it's important to call out that you cannot pass in a value for batchSize that will cause the size of the batch to be > 16 MiB, as that's the main confusion that was called out in the ticket as well as the Slack thread that caused the ticket. The cursor.batchSize() page was also mentioned in the parent ticket as a page that needs to be changed as its definition does not state that batchSize can only be limited from 16 MiB and not raised, so I wanted to keep most of the wording to make sure that this functionality is clear.

     - Description

   * - ``batchSize``

>      - | The maximum number of documents within each batch returned 
>          in a change stream, which applies to the watch function. By default, watch functions have an initial batch size of ``101`` documents and a maximum size of 16 mebibytes (MiB) for each subsequent batch. This option can enforce a smaller limit than 16 MiB, but not a larger one. If you set ``batchSize``  to a limit that results in batches larger than 16 MiB, this option has no effect and the watch function uses the default batch size.

Reviewer 2: S: line 151 looks pretty long, so I'd break it up over a few lines. Also I think this wording for the first sentence is a little more clear / uses active voice:
```suggestion
     - | The maximum number of documents that a change stream can
         return in each batch, which applies to the watch function. By default, watch functions have an initial batch size of ``101`` documents and a maximum size of 16 mebibytes (MiB) for each subsequent batch. This option can enforce a smaller limit than 16 MiB, but not a larger one. If you set ``batchSize``  to a limit that results in batches larger than 16 MiB, this option has no effect and the watch function uses the default batch size.
```
